README-CALENDAR.md, before:

# Google Calendar Integration

This feature allows band admins to connect to Google Calendar and manage rehearsal plans and show schedules directly from the app.

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

1. A Google account
2. A Google Cloud project with the Calendar API enabled
3. OAuth credentials (client ID and client secret)

### Configuration Steps

1. Create a `.env` file based on the `.env.example` template
2. Fill in your Google Cloud credentials:
   ```
   GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your-client-id-here
   GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your-client-secret-here
   GOOGLE_REDIRECT_URI=http://localhost:4000/auth/google/callback
   ```
3. Source the environment variables:
   ```
   source .env
   ```
4. Start the Phoenix server:
   ```
   mix phx.server
   ```

### Usage

1. Log in as an admin user
2. Navigate to "Admin" -> "Calendar Settings"
3. Click "Connect Google Calendar"
4. Follow the Google authentication flow
5. Once connected, you can create a band calendar
6. Rehearsal plans and set lists will automatically sync with this calendar

## Implementation Details

The integration follows these key steps:

1. **Authentication**: OAuth 2.0 flow connecting band admin to Google
2. **Calendar Creation**: Custom calendar for band events
3. **Event Sync**: Two-way sync between app events and calendar
4. **Sharing**: Band members get access to the shared calendar

## Architecture

- `GoogleAuth` schema: Stores OAuth tokens and calendar IDs
- `Calendar` context: Manages calendar operations and token refresh
- `GoogleAPI` module: Handles all communication with Google APIs
- `AdminCalendarLive`: User interface for admin calendar settings

## Troubleshooting

- **Connection Issues**: Check that your Google API credentials are correct
- **Permission Errors**: Ensure the Calendar API is enabled in your Google Cloud project
- **Token Refresh Failures**: Try disconnecting and reconnecting your Google account

## Next Steps

See the full implementation plan in `calendar_integration_plan.md` for details on upcoming features.

Commit message:

chore(setup): add .gitattributes and update .gitignore for environment files
- Introduced a .gitattributes file to manage line endings and specify binary files.
- Updated .gitignore to exclude environment files while allowing .env.example to be tracked.
- Enhanced README to clarify the creation of .env.exs for environment variable management and emphasized security practices regarding sensitive credentials.

These changes improve project setup and documentation for better development practices.

README-CALENDAR.md, after:

# Google Calendar Integration

This feature allows band admins to connect to Google Calendar and manage rehearsal plans and show schedules directly from the app.

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

1. A Google account
2. A Google Cloud project with the Calendar API enabled
3. OAuth credentials (client ID and client secret)

### Configuration Steps

1. Create a `.env` file based on the `.env.example` template
2. Fill in your Google Cloud credentials:
   ```
   GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your-client-id-here
   GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your-client-secret-here
   GOOGLE_REDIRECT_URI=http://localhost:4000/auth/google/callback
   ```
3. Create a `.env.exs` file with the same credentials for Phoenix to load:
   ```elixir
   # This file loads environment variables directly for development
   System.put_env("GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID", "your-client-id-here")
   System.put_env("GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET", "your-client-secret-here")
   System.put_env("GOOGLE_REDIRECT_URI", "http://localhost:4000/auth/google/callback")
   ```
4. Start the Phoenix server:
   ```
   mix phx.server
   ```

### Security Note

The `.env` and `.env.exs` files contain sensitive credentials and should never be committed to version control. They are automatically excluded by the `.gitignore` file. Always keep your Google API credentials secure and never share them publicly.

For production deployment, use environment variables or a secure secrets management system rather than files.

### Usage

1. Log in as an admin user
2. Navigate to "Admin" -> "Calendar Settings"
3. Click "Connect Google Calendar"
4. Follow the Google authentication flow
5. Once connected, you can create a band calendar
6. Rehearsal plans and set lists will automatically sync with this calendar

## Implementation Details

The integration follows these key steps:

1. **Authentication**: OAuth 2.0 flow connecting band admin to Google
2. **Calendar Creation**: Custom calendar for band events
3. **Event Sync**: Two-way sync between app events and calendar
4. **Sharing**: Band members get access to the shared calendar

## Architecture

- `GoogleAuth` schema: Stores OAuth tokens and calendar IDs
- `Calendar` context: Manages calendar operations and token refresh
- `GoogleAPI` module: Handles all communication with Google APIs
- `AdminCalendarLive`: User interface for admin calendar settings

## Troubleshooting

- **Connection Issues**: Check that your Google API credentials are correct
- **Permission Errors**: Ensure the Calendar API is enabled in your Google Cloud project
- **Token Refresh Failures**: Try disconnecting and reconnecting your Google account

## Next Steps

See the full implementation plan in `calendar_integration_plan.md` for details on upcoming features.
